
	This web map was a good oportunity to use skills and increase fluency
in the Jqeury and Leaflet libraries, markdown, html, javascript, python, and
general debugging techniques. The primary challenge faced was updating
packages and depencancies related to Leaflet. The foundation of this web map
is built upon the Leaflet library, and needed an update 1.7.0>>1.8.0, as well
as the addition of <crossorigin=""> to resolve relative pathname issues. A
checksum was also included in the new CDN link for both the Leaflet js library
and CSS stylesheet. The L.geoJson.AJAX module was especially buggy, as .on(),
.onClick(), .onEachFeature(), and :mouseover/:mouseout, reacted differntly
based solely on location in the script. The working iteration calls the
geoJson variable as well as attached events as one, versus assigning variables
to CSS properties, events, etc. Lastly, the case-sensitivity of geojson in the
Leaflet library has bugs, e.g., GeoJson.AJAX is non-functional, geoJson.AJAX
is functional. 
	A time consuming portion of this lab also included parsing the geojson
file to develop an average volume of coal ash to base the scaling formula
upon, and was challenging to the different data types, as NoData values had to
be mannually changed to the computed average, and the python script
'toGeojson.py' in the scripts folder of the repo contains the aforementioned
parsing method. 
	Lastly, the variance between allowed js functions (represented as errors) between editions of
chrome, atom's 'atom-live-server', 'html-preview', and 'scripts' packages
needed a significant amount of debugging. The issues found were: running
./index.html uses local pathnames, thus if relative pathname format is used
<assets/file.geojson> the assets cannot be read/displayed. The live server
allows relative pathnames, however does not allow <./> or <~/> formats to call
data in site directories. Html-preview proved to be the easiest to debug and
use, however was V-RAM and RAM intensive as it refreshes once a change is
made. 
	Overall, the debugging and design process was very helpful to build
skills within the aforementioned languages, as well as tracking changes and
maitaining a clean directory structure with git, and was an enjoyable process.
The scripts written to parse geojson data as well as the general site format
will be useful to build upon with new variations, customizations, and data.  
